README.md, before:

# srciror
SRCIROR (pronounced sorcerer) is a SRC and IR mutatOR. It performs mutations on source code written in C/C++ and on the LLVM IR.

BUILDING:
(0) Need dependencies:
        python
        python3
        clang
        lib32z1-dev

(1) Build LLVM locally (if you do not already have it built). You can executed the provided script:
        ./llvm-build.sh
    This creates llvm/ and llvm-build/ directories

(2) Build the SRC mutator. To build SRC mutator, see SRCMutation/README.

(3) Build the IR mutator. To build IR mutator, see IRMutation/README.

(4) Build the IR instrumentation code.
        cd IRMutation/InstrumentationLib/; ./build-lib.sh

(5) Set up the environment variables needed by SRCIROR:
        export SRCIROR_LLVMMutate_LIB=${PATH_TO_LLVM_BUILD}/Release+Asserts/lib/LLVMMutate.so
        export SRCIROR_SRC_MUTATOR=${PATH_TO_SRCIROR_DIR}/SRCMutation/build/mutator
        export SRCIROR_LLVM_BIN=${PATH_TO_LLVM_BUILD}/Release+Asserts/bin/
        export SRCIROR_LLVM_INCLUDES=${PATH_TO_LLVM_BUILD}/Release+Asserts/lib/clang/3.8.0/include/
        export SRCIROR_COVINSTRUMENTATION_LIB=${PATH_TO_SRCIROR_DIR}/InstrumentationLib/SRCIRORCoverageLib.o

Commit message:

Add some clarifications to README, make README.md proper markdown
In addition to the clarifications, also add semicolons (';')
to the export-statements of README.md, so that they can be used
as a single copy & paste statement.

README.md, after:

# srciror
SRCIROR (pronounced sorcerer) is a SRC and IR mutatOR. It performs mutations on source code written in C/C++ and on the LLVM IR.

BUILDING:

  0. Need dependencies:
        python
        python3
        clang
        lib32z1-dev

  1. Build LLVM locally (if you do not already have it built). You can execute the provided script:  
        `./llvm-build.sh`  
    This creates llvm/ and llvm-build/ directories.

  2. Build the SRC mutator. To build SRC mutator, see SRCMutation/README.

  3. Build the IR mutator. To build IR mutator, see IRMutation/README.

  4. Build the IR instrumentation code:  
        `cd IRMutation/InstrumentationLib/; ./build-lib.sh`

  5. Set up the environment variables needed by SRCIROR. 
    ```bash
      export SRCIROR_LLVMMutate_LIB=${PATH_TO_LLVM_BUILD}/Release+Asserts/lib/LLVMMutate.so;
      export SRCIROR_SRC_MUTATOR=${PATH_TO_SRCIROR_DIR}/SRCMutation/build/mutator;
      export SRCIROR_LLVM_BIN=${PATH_TO_LLVM_BUILD}/Release+Asserts/bin/;
      export SRCIROR_LLVM_INCLUDES=${PATH_TO_LLVM_BUILD}/Release+Asserts/lib/clang/3.8.0/include/;
      export SRCIROR_COVINSTRUMENTATION_LIB=${PATH_TO_SRCIROR_DIR}/InstrumentationLib/SRCIRORCoverageLib.o;
    ```
  Either set environment variables `PATH_TO_LLVM_BUILD` and `PATH_TO_SRCIROR_DIR`,
  or replace them with the corresponding values in the statements below.
